Instructions for Configuring the Community Rating System Plug-in

Updating Parcel Data Once Published

	1. Turn the map service off
	2. Open a new arc map and add the database you wish to modify
	3. Be sure that each parcel has the 'Carto_CRS_Name_All' field populated with the name of the community and/or map print order if applicable (ex. Dare County, NC Map 2 of 10)
	4. If you make changes that will change the SUM values for an entire CRS, you must also update ALL_OSPs_For_Exports.shp to see these updates in export maps. 
	3. Make your changes and close the untitled arcmap without saving 
	3. Changes in values will show up in the GUI after the next time that region is built

Updating GUI Text and Descriptions

	1. From the Community Rating System repo, open the content.html
	2. Make your changes, save, and close. 
	3. Commit and sync those changes to github and they will show up in the GUI after the next time that region is built





Updating Preprocessed Export Maps

Data Driven Pages

	1. Open the database containing the data for the app (ex. NC_CRS_Latest.gdb)
	2. Open a new arcmap and import ALL_OSPs_For_Exports. This dataset controls the text, title, and extent 	of the export maps.
	3. Add your new CRS community, populate the required fields. 
		--> CRS_Name: Title of Export map as you want it to appear
		--> scale: Map zoom scale
		--> Print_Order: sequential map number
		--> IA_Acres: Total area of impacted adjusted floodplain. Comes from SUM_IASFHA_AC from 		    dissolved dataset.
		--> SumAcres: total area of OSP eligible parcels. Comes from SUM_OSP_LU_cac from dissolved dataset
		--> NfosAcres: total area of NFOS eligible parcels. Comes from SUM_NFOS_cac from dissolved dataset

Cartography

	1. Open the mxd for the community you want to change (C:\ArcMap_docs\dev\CR_NC\CRS_Cartography).If you are modifying the CRS_Carto_All_Parcels.mxd, make changes and save.

CSV Export Table
	1. Import the parcel datatable into Excel and export it as a CSV. Then overwrite the on that’s on S3 with the one you created. 

After all changes have been made:
	1. Go to File, Export Map.
	2. Set ’Save as type:' to PDF and then check the ‘Page Range’ radio button and leave the default range.
	3. Save the PDF as the mxd's file name and move it to a computer with Adobe Acrobat. 
	4. Open the PDF if Acrobat and hit File, Save As, Reduced Size PDF. If you do not have access to Adobe Acrobat, you can also use https://smallpdf.com/compress-pdf
	5. Open Dragon Disk and navigate to the ‘crs-maps’ bucket.
	6. Overwrite the existing PDF with the new PDF.
	7. Download the zip file for the community you are changing. 
	8. Open the zip file and replace the CEOS map the new map.
	9. Re-zip the folder and overwrite the existing one on DragonDisk.
	10. Click the ‘crs-maps’ bucket and hit the ‘Properties’ icon (hit OK if prompted with Access Denied)
	11. Click the ‘Child Objects’ button on top and then hit the ‘Replace Permissions’ radio button.
	12. Hit the ‘Add’ button and select ‘All Users’ and then click OK.
	13. Check the ‘Download’ and ‘Read permissions’ checkboxes only and click OK.
	14. Follow these steps for each map in each community.
